Add PR templates for deployments / deployment preparations. (#2168)
balancer-labs/balancer-v2-monorepo: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/deployment-preparation-template.md

<!-- Specify commit at which `build-info` was generated for this deployment -->

## Deployment preparation tasks checklist:

- [ ] Deployments `README` is updated with the new task name and link
- [ ] Deployments `CHANGELOG` is updated
- [ ] Task `README` has a description and links to the artifacts and expected output folders <!-- Specify target networks (some contracts are not deployed to every network) -->
- [ ] `build-info` is updated with artifacts compiled at the specified commit
- [ ] Artifacts are generated from `build-info`
- [ ] New task has a working fork test <!-- This implies index and input scripts are correct -->

## Deprecating old tasks checklist: <!-- Only if applicable -->

- [ ] Old task was moved to `deprecated/` directory
- [ ] Deployments `README` is updated: old task is moved to the 'deprecated' section, and links are updated with the `deprecated/` prefix
- [ ] Old task imports in `index.ts`, `input.ts` and fork tests are updated
- [ ] Old task `README` is updated with a warning sign, a link to the replacement task and a short description <!-- Explain why it was deprecated -->

## Code checklist:

> - [ ] The diff is legible and has no extraneous changes <!-- There shouldn't be any changes to contract code in this PR -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] The diff is legible and has no extraneous changes <!-- There shouldn't be any changes to code outside of the deployment task in this PR -->
```
